All right welcome back my students.
So it's time for us to start doing a little bit more process and we are pagination system right.
We are sending that request with this link that we created here with the loop.
All right.
And we are also processing the count and doing some really really cool stuff here.
But now it's time for us to not leave the request by itself.
We can't just leave the poor request by itself.
We need to catch you and do something with it right.
So anyway let's do some processing with I get requests.
So first we want to check to see if we are getting a request because basically let me just show you
right now basically what we're going to be doing right now is that we are going to be limiting this
right here let's say for example limit 0 5.
Right.
So now if I go here Enter you're going to have five pages right here.
Five pools.
All right.
But I need to send this page requests.
Let's see if I send three.
I want it I want to be my excuse.
All right.
Give me the next results the next five.
So basically we're going to be sending a request here.
All right we are a site we're going to sign a variable we assign it to a variable and then we're going
to use that variable right here to actually limit the amount of posts we get per page.
All right.
So let's go ahead hopefully you understand.
Now don't worry I'll explain everything at the end.
So now explain Soam some Zagel.
Let's go ahead and check for a Ged's request right with his set function in an IF statement.
So we don't get a problem.
We don't get on the fine.
And it's you know our error in our speech.
If you get on on the fire and that's that's what it is.
So if we have a get request name page right we'd at key of page we're going to sign that to a variable
called page if for some.
It's not set.
We don't want to leave it alone.
Right.
Which is going to sign an empty string to it.
All right so now let's find out what page one is.
So let's go and see if our get requests which is now Page equal to an empty string and it's just to
hear us fine or is equal to one then we know hold whole page right when we wanted to do something.
Well we're going to sign a new variable called Page 1 2 0.
That's how we find out page 1.
Right.
And this is how we find out.
I get requests.
All right.
Perfect.
So now if for some reason we're not on page 1 or is you know not empty on top right which basically
that's what he means his own index.
BHB if we are on page two for example.
So let's do one else here because that means we are somewhere else right.
We got to sign the same variable some other values.
Basically what we're going to be doing is some processing here we're going to do some math and I won
my math the first declaration that I'm going to put in this parenthesis to go first.
And that's how we tell it.
All right.
We do that just like regular math.
We use parentheses and we say we Dwarka collation in this case is going to be tiny 5.
All right.
So if we are on page one there's going to be zero and zero times 4 is five.
All right who's going to give was five then what we want to do is we want to actually minus it.
So let's say we are on page 2 and we say page times page two times five is ten minus five is five fold
the page two we're going to have five results.
All right.
So you can see how this goes awry.
So what is the next step after this.
All right.
Well right now we could if we wanted to grab our page one and assign it to our limits right here and
save it.
Come here and see what's going on.
All right.
Enter
1 2 3 4 and 5 right.
Second page.
All right.
One two and I don't know if you see it but it is it is different.
Now let me show you right now you see this just because I have the same names and the same placeholder
for each individual post.
That's why you can't really see exactly.
So let's go to page 1 real quick and I'll show you if I click here you can see that ID for these polls
is 64.
Let's go back and go to page 2.
If I click here again you can see the IDs 72.
Let's go back and let's do page 5 so that we can see the big difference.
It was 72 before a full clip.
Now you can see 87.
So he's giving us the resorts it's giving us five by five on each page.
All right.
So anyway on the next lecture We'll continue with this and hopefully you having some fun and I'll see
you in the next lecture.
Take care.